feat(mnq): add regionality, subscriptions & no-FIFO (#2761)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/messaging/how-to/create-manage-subscriptions.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to create and manage SNS subscriptions
  description: This page explains how to create and manage SNS subscriptions
content:
  h1: How to create and manage SNS subscriptions
  paragraph: This page explains how to create and manage SNS subscriptions
tags: messaging queuing subscriptions sns topics
categories:
  - serverless 
dates:
  validation: 2024-02-06
  posted: 2024-02-06
---

> This page shows how to create and manage SNS [subscriptions](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#topic) with Scaleway Messaging and Queuing. When you create a subscription to a [topic](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#topic), you are effectively signing up an endpoint to receive all messages published to that topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page shows how to create and manage SNS [subscriptions](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#subscription) with Scaleway Messaging and Queuing. When you create a subscription to a [topic](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#topic), you are effectively signing up an endpoint to receive all messages published to that topic.
```

          You are prompted to select the Serverless Function or Container to subscribe. Only Functions and Containers with a public [privacy policy](/serverless/functions/concepts/#privacy-policy) can subscribe to an SNS topic.
        </TabsTab>
    </Tabs>

7. Click **Create subscription** to finish.

    The subscription is created. If you created an HTTP or HTTPS subscription, you will now need to **confirm** it, as described below. This step is not required for Serverless Functions or Containers subscriptions.

## How to confirm an HTTP or HTTPS subscription

An HTTP or HTTPS subscription will have a `Pending` status until you **confirm** it. This is essential for it to be able to start receiving messages. Follow the steps below to confirm the subscription:

1. Access the subscription's **Settings** page (from the console side menu, **Messaging** > **SNS** > **Topics**, click the topic containing the subscription, then click the subscription).

> 2. Click the **Confirm Subscription** button at the top right of the page. A popup displays:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the **Confirm Subscription** button at the top right of the page. A pop-up displays:
```
